Custom highlighted fields (#3852)
elastic/security-docs: docs/detections/add-exceptions.asciidoc

. In the *Add rule exception* flyout, name the exception. 
. Add conditions that define the exception. When the exception's query evaluates to `true`, rules don't generate alerts even when their criteria are met.
+

> NOTE: When you create a new exception from an alert, exception conditions are auto-populated with relevant alert data, including data from custom highlighted fields. A comment describing this action is also automatically added to the **Add comments** section.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
NOTE: When you create a new exception from an alert, exception conditions are auto-populated with relevant alert data, prioritizing data matching any custom highlighted fields. A comment describing this action is also automatically added to the **Add comments** section.
```

Author: Thanks for the edits, @yctercero :) I made some minor tweaks - let me know if they work:

```suggestion
NOTE: When you create a new exception from an alert, exception conditions are auto-populated with relevant alert data. Data from custom highlighted fields are listed first. A comment that describes the auto-generated exceptions is also added to the **Add comments** section.
```

Reviewer: That sounds great! Thanks so much.

> NOTE: When you create a new exception from an alert, exception conditions are auto-populated with relevant alert data. Data from custom highlighted fields is listed first. A comment that describes the auto-generated exceptions is also added to the **Add comments** section.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
NOTE: When you create a new exception from an alert, exception conditions are auto-populated with relevant alert data. Data from custom highlighted fields is listed first. A comment that describes the auto-generated exception conditions is also added to the **Add comments** section.
```
